# Programming-and-Scripting---Problems

In this repository, we re are aimimg to develop on our foundational level of Python. 
With this repository, I am aiming to complete a full list of taks that will become incrementally more difficult over time, whilst inclusing past learnings taken forward.
In relation to the individual tasks:
BMI Task: Trying to recognise that this task was to be created from the end user's perspective so that input would be a crucial function. In relations to the data types, to acknowledge that the inputs would need to be floating, as the answers were going to be inclusive of deceimal points. To run this file, it needs to be explicitly run in the dimensions that are called out in the exercise form, in order for the formuala to work.
Second String Task: With this task, I was thrown a little by the title and began to review some of the string funcitons that were part of the anaconda library. Later, upon reviewing the information on indexing and slicing from a Worldwind tour of Python I saw it was a considerably more straightforward activity. In order to run the query, we just need to ensure that the syntax of the inversing is in place, and that -2 is in line with the required layout. After that, the inputs from the user are the only requirements. 
Collatz Task: the first variable needs to be set up as an integer. Logically, the most difficult to date. It was a matter of constructng the while loop, and then experimenting with returning a value of one, indicating that the break funcion will play it's part and that the exercise can be finalised. The concept of the modulo within the statement is paramount, and won't run successfully without it. 
Weekday Task: Being able to import the two respective libraries was a challenge, not of difficulty, but of order for the script to be run correctly.Creation of the dictionary was a matter of reading the documentations. After that, the difficulty lay in setting up the 'dayno' variable as it is called in the programme.
Squareroot Task: This took a little finessing over time in relation to the data types, such as the commented out line in the script. I intially thought there was a need to convert from float to int, but realised that in doing so, there would be data loss in the conversion. Once this was resolved, there was a clearer run in sight. This then depended  on the creation of the squarroot definition to be in place.
E's task: This was the most difficult to date, as it was a matter of creating a work breakdown strucutre of the request. Difficult to provide commentary as I have yet to complete it, unfortunately. Currently struggling to complete the loop that will iterate the count of "E's". Lessons Learned: reading more isn't alaways productive or beneficial and will cause greater confusion with little knowledge gained. Should have asked for help.  
Plotting Task: COuldn't complete as I couldn't understand the course material truth be told. Difficult to provide steering when I haven't completed the task. I couldn't work out the relationship of pandas library and struggled to comprehend its link to the matplotlib import. I could comprehend what the ask of, but couldn't translate what I can do from a mathematics perspective into a graph persepctive.
